What's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
Have you ever had a crush on someone in this room/server?
What’s the worst lie you've ever told and gotten away with?
What’s something you’ve never told anyone because you were too embarrassed?
Have you ever secretly read someone else's messages or texts?
What’s one thing you would never want your parents to find out about you?
Have you ever accidentally sent a message to the wrong person? What did it say?
What’s the most awkward thing you've done in front of someone you liked?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What’s something you’ve done that you hope no one ever finds out about?
If you could switch lives with anyone in this server for a day, who would it be and why?
Have you ever pretended to like something just to fit in?
What’s your most irrational fear?
What’s the most childish thing you still do?
What’s one secret talent or skill you have that no one knows about?
What’s your most unusual habit that others might find weird?
Have you ever lied about your age?
What’s the worst haircut you've ever had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you weren’t supposed to? What happened?
If you had to confess your biggest pet peeve, what would it be?
What’s the worst fashion trend you’ve ever followed?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
What’s the biggest argument you've ever had, and what was it about?
Have you ever told a joke that no one laughed at? What was it?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
What’s the most recent thing you Googled?
Have you ever accidentally texted the wrong person something embarrassing?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to do but never had the chance to?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend? What were they like?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve spent money on?
What’s something you can’t live without?
If you were stuck on a deserted island, what three things would you want to have with you?
What’s the most awkward moment you've had with someone in this group?
Have you ever fallen asleep in public? Where?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done to get someone’s attention?
Have you ever sung in the shower and thought you sounded amazing?
If you could pick any superpower, what would it be and why?
What’s your biggest pet peeve when it comes to texting?
Have you ever blamed someone else for something you did?
What’s your most embarrassing childhood memory?
If you could be famous for one thing, what would it be?
What’s something you did as a kid that you still do today?
What’s the most trouble you’ve ever gotten into?
Have you ever been caught daydreaming about something embarrassing?
What’s the weirdest dream you've ever had?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought you’d never do?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction? What happened?
What’s one thing you’re really good at, but you’re too shy to show off?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most random thing you’ve Googled recently?
Have you ever been caught cheating on a test or assignment?
What’s the most awkward thing you’ve done at a party?
What’s your biggest fear in life?
If you could switch lives with someone for a day, who would it be?
Have you ever snooped through someone else’s things? What did you find?
What’s one thing you do when no one is watching?
Have you ever been embarrassed by your parents in public?
What’s something you’ve lied about recently?
What’s the strangest food you’ve ever tried and liked?
If you could meet anyone, dead or alive, who would it be and why?
What’s the worst fashion mistake you’ve made?
If you had to choose, would you rather be rich or famous?
Have you ever accidentally walked in on someone in the bathroom?
What’s something you’re afraid of but never admit to others?
If you could change your name to anything, what would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done for attention?
What’s your most awkward encounter with a stranger?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t yet?
Have you ever lied to get out of trouble? What happened?
What’s the worst date you’ve ever been on?
If you could time travel, where would you go and why?
What’s something you would never do, no matter the amount of money offered?
What’s your least favorite chore to do at home?
Have you ever had a crush on someone you shouldn’t have?
What’s something you’ve done that’s left you feeling guilty?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
What’s the biggest misconception people have about you?
What’s the best prank you’ve ever pulled on someone?
Have you ever regretted sending a text message or email?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without washing your hair?
What’s the weirdest thing you believed as a child?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done to impress someone?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of a crush? What happened?
What’s the worst haircut you've ever given yourself?
Have you ever pretended to be busy when you weren’t?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you've ever said in a conversation?
What’s one thing you wish you could change about your childhood?
Have you ever ruined a surprise?
What’s the most disgusting habit you’ve ever had?
Have you ever been caught talking to yourself?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought you’d never do?
If you could get rid of one habit, what would it be?
What’s your most embarrassing childhood nickname?
What’s the worst prank someone has pulled on you?
Have you ever lied to avoid going somewhere or doing something?
What’s something you never want to experience again?
If you could have dinner with any celebrity, who would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that happened to you at school?
Have you ever walked out of a movie theater because the movie was so bad?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen happen at a wedding?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought was normal but others found weird?
Have you ever tried to do something cool but ended up failing?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you've posted online?
Have you ever been caught doing something you weren't supposed to on social media?
What’s the worst prank you’ve ever pulled?
What’s something you were scared to do but ended up enjoying?
What’s something you’ve done that you wish you could take back?
Have you ever taken a weird picture or selfie in public? What was the reason?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done on a first date?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
Have you ever been caught cheating in a game? What was the game?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen in a group chat?
What’s the worst advice you’ve ever given?
What’s the strangest talent you have that no one knows about?
Have you ever made a prank call? What was the result?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done to your siblings?
If you had to choose, would you rather be invisible or be able to read minds?
What’s something you’re really bad at but still enjoy doing?
Have you ever tried to impress someone and failed miserably?
What’s the most awkward encounter you’ve had with a friend’s family?
What’s the worst excuse you've used to get out of something?
What’s the most surprising thing you've ever learned about someone you know?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve believed as a child?
Have you ever sent a text message to the wrong person? What did it say?
What’s something you secretly find funny but are too embarrassed to admit?
What’s your most embarrassing cooking disaster?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of a boss or authority figure?
What’s the most cringe-worthy thing you've said during a meeting or interview?
If you could delete one thing from your past, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found in your bedroom?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher or someone much older than you?
What’s your most embarrassing moment in front of your crush?
What’s one thing you’ve done that you’re not proud of but it was funny at the time?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve gotten upset about?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made at work?
What’s something you’ve tried and failed at miserably?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on a dare?
Have you ever played a prank that went too far?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done at school?
If you could have one wish granted, what would it be?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to do but never had the courage to try?
What’s the most bizarre thing you've done while sleepwalking?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done to get someone’s attention?
What’s the best joke you've ever heard?
If you could instantly become an expert in any field, what would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing way you’ve injured yourself?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve done just to entertain yourself?
Have you ever had an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction?
What’s the most awkward thing you’ve done on a video call?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you've done to get out of a boring situation?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character? Who?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever done in public that you’ll never forget?
Have you ever sent a text to the wrong person and it ended up being super embarrassing?
What’s something you do when no one is around that you’re too embarrassed to admit?
What’s the worst haircut you’ve ever seen on someone else?
What’s something you’ve lied about recently, even if it was small?
If you could change one thing about your personality, what would it be?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve been upset about?
What’s something you’ve done as a kid that you still secretly do sometimes?
What’s the worst gift you’ve ever received?
Have you ever used a fake identity online? What for?
Have you ever made an awkward confession to someone? How did they respond?
What’s the most cringe-worthy thing you’ve said to impress someone?
What’s the weirdest habit you’ve had that others don’t know about?
What’s something that you can’t stand, but others seem to love?
If you could erase one mistake from your life, what would it be?
Have you ever had a secret that you were dying to tell but couldn’t?
What’s something about yourself that you’ve never told anyone?
Have you ever been caught in a lie and had to scramble to cover it up?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of your crush?
What’s something you’re afraid of, but you think others might laugh at you for it?
What’s something that instantly annoys you, no matter who does it?
Have you ever worn something just because it was trendy but hated it?
If you had to choose between being famous and rich, which would you pick and why?
What’s the weirdest thing you believed as a child?
What’s the most awkward thing that’s ever happened during a family gathering?
What’s something that you can’t go a day without doing?
What’s the most embarrassing text you’ve sent to someone?
Have you ever done something you said you’d never do? What was it?
What’s your biggest fear that you haven’t shared with anyone?
What’s something that you pretend to like but actually can’t stand?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve argued about with someone?
What’s something you’ve said to make someone laugh, but it didn’t work?
What’s your most embarrassing moment with a teacher or professor?
Have you ever had a crush on someone who didn’t even know you existed?
Have you ever tried to act cool and totally failed? What happened?
What’s the most awkward situation you’ve found yourself in at a party?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done when you were mad?
What’s something you do when you’re nervous that you can’t stop doing?
What’s the funniest way you’ve gotten out of trouble?
Have you ever hidden something from your parents or guardians? What was it?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of your friends?
What’s the longest you’ve ever gone without brushing your teeth (be honest!)?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of someone you didn’t know well?
What’s something you’ve done that you’ve told others to never do?
What’s something you've done that made you feel like a child again?
Have you ever been on a really bad date? What happened?
What’s the most awkward thing you’ve said to someone you just met?
What’s something that made you lose your cool in public?
What’s your biggest insecurity that no one knows about?
Have you ever ruined a surprise for someone? How did it go down?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever said in a meeting or class?
What’s something you were totally convinced was true, but later found out was false?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done while sleepwalking or sleep-talking?
What’s the weirdest way you’ve hurt yourself?
Have you ever tried to impress someone and it went completely wrong?
What’s the most embarrassing story your parents have told about you?
Have you ever had a crush on someone you worked with? What did you do about it?
What’s the most awkward thing that’s ever happened while you were on a phone call?
What’s a talent you’re really good at, but you never show anyone?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done because you were trying to be funny?
What’s one thing you’ve done that you thought was cool but now feel embarrassed about?
Have you ever regretted something you said to someone? What did you say?
What’s the most ridiculous lie you’ve ever told to avoid doing something?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had, and can you remember it in detail?
What’s one thing you don’t like about your best friend?
What’s something about a group of friends that bothers you, but you never say anything about?
Have you ever had an embarrassing experience in a public restroom?
What’s the strangest thing you've ever worn in public?
Have you ever been caught singing or dancing in the mirror?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought was funny, but it was totally awkward?
Have you ever said something to someone just to make them laugh, and it totally backfired?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done on a vacation or trip?
What’s something you’re really passionate about, but you’re too embarrassed to talk about?
What’s the weirdest talent or skill you have that others find odd?
What’s the worst first impression you've ever made on someone?
Have you ever been in a fight or disagreement that you deeply regret?
What’s the biggest secret you’ve ever kept from your best friend?
What’s something you do that annoys everyone around you but you can’t stop doing it?
Have you ever stalked someone online? What did you find?
What’s the most awkward silence you’ve ever had with someone?
What’s the strangest thing you've believed in the past, but don’t anymore?
What’s the worst thing you’ve said to someone in an argument?
Have you ever lied to someone to get out of something? What was the excuse?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you've said to your crush?
What’s a moment where you were completely caught off guard and didn’t know what to do?
What’s the most awkward situation you’ve been in at a family reunion?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done to try and get someone to notice you?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought was a great idea at the time but regret now?
What’s something you’ve done in a video call that made you feel embarrassed?
What’s the worst fashion trend you ever tried to follow?
What’s something you really want to do, but you’re too afraid to try?
What’s the strangest rumor you’ve ever heard about yourself?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought was funny at the time, but others didn’t?
What’s something you’ve been caught doing that you didn’t want anyone to see?
What’s the most embarrassing nickname you've ever had?
Have you ever been told you looked like a celebrity? Who?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done to someone and never apologized for?
